	Presentation Grading Form 		Speaker: Garrete		

TOPIC:   

o Please make notes during the presentation
o Please type your comments and email me in the same day of the presentation
o Please be specific as much as you could 

* Before the presentation,   
o Please read the summary prepared by the speaker to make sure the grader understands the basic of presentation. 
o Preparing Intelligent Questions: please prepare at least three proper questions for the presenter although we may not ask all questions during the presentation,. Please write down your questions (and your expected answers) based on the speaker’s summary.  (PS:  It is ok if you don’t know the answer yet. You may come up new questions during the discussions.)

1) Q1: 
A1: 
 

2) Q2: 
A2: 


3) Q3: 
A3: 



* After Presentation, please summarize what you learn from the presentation

* One sentence summary: the idea
It introduces the drone security and problem of detecting drones.

* One paragraph summary (5-10 sentences): method/design trick/tools

The presenter talked about why drone security is importance, different types of drones, drone threats. It also introduce how to detect drones and different methods of drone fingerprint.






o Which areas do you think she/he can improve? (Please find at least one.)
* If you do it, how would you improve (Please be specific as much as possible)?

I will give more in depth detail of detecting method.


* Scores: 1 to 10 (Please write down the specific reasons why you think she/he deserve a full credit, or how you deduct credits and your reasons.)

* Preparation: 

1) Material.			
10. Contains 2 parts, introduction to different types of drones, and how to detect these drones.


2) Slides
10. Interested slides




* Presentation: 

3) Clarity.
	
10. Speech is clear


	
4) Technical strength
9. More technical depth can be added.





5) Handling the questions

10. Good at answering questions.


Others  (What you think about the grading or presentation which not cover in the above.) 

