	Presentation Grading Form 		Speaker: Seth Jones		

TOPIC:   

o Please make notes during the presentation
o Please type your comments and email me in the same day of the presentation
o Please be specific as much as you could 

* Before the presentation,   
o Please read the summary prepared by the speaker to make sure the grader understands the basic of presentation. 
o Preparing Intelligent Questions: please prepare at least three proper questions for the presenter although we may not ask all questions during the presentation,. Please write down your questions (and your expected answers) based on the speaker’s summary.  (PS:  It is ok if you don’t know the answer yet. You may come up new questions during the discussions.)

1) Q1: What makes database security different than general computer security?
A1: It is more data oriented.
 

2) Q2: 
A2: 


3) Q3: 
A3: 



* After Presentation, please summarize what you learn from the presentation

* One sentence summary: the idea
The presentation shows common database security issue and general prevention method.

* One paragraph summary (5-10 sentences): method/design trick/tools

It introduced the different database model, hierarchical model, network data model, 6 main components of modern database security includes, identification and authentication requirements, audit trail mechanisms, data encryption, network security, auditing/fine grain auditing. There is also some challenges of database security and future research directions.







o Which areas do you think she/he can improve? (Please find at least one.)
* If you do it, how would you improve (Please be specific as much as possible)?

I would give some real example of database security, not just the concepts.


* Scores: 1 to 10 (Please write down the specific reasons why you think she/he deserve a full credit, or how you deduct credits and your reasons.)

* Preparation: 

1) Material.			

9. It would be good if given more depth examples.

2) Slides
10. Slides is organized.





* Presentation: 

3) Clarity.
10. Presetation is clear.



	
4) Technical strength
8. More technical detail could be added.





5) Handling the questions

10. Good at answering questions.


Others  (What you think about the grading or presentation which not cover in the above.) 

