	Presentation Grading Form 		Speaker: Julie		

TOPIC:   

o Please make notes during the presentation
o Please type your comments and email me in the same day of the presentation
o Please be specific as much as you could 

* Before the presentation,   
o Please read the summary prepared by the speaker to make sure the grader understands the basic of presentation. 
o Preparing Intelligent Questions: please prepare at least three proper questions for the presenter although we may not ask all questions during the presentation,. Please write down your questions (and your expected answers) based on the speaker’s summary.  (PS:  It is ok if you don’t know the answer yet. You may come up new questions during the discussions.)

1) Q1: why unsupervised learning is more efficient than supervised learning.
A1: Less data to handle.
 

2) Q2: 
A2: 


3) Q3: 
A3: 



* After Presentation, please summarize what you learn from the presentation

* One sentence summary: the idea
It introduced different machine learning and its application.

* One paragraph summary (5-10 sentences): method/design trick/tools

The presenter show what is machine learning, and types of machine learning algorithms, includes supervised learning, unsupervised learning, semi-supervised learning. Supervised machine learning includes classification, linear regression, bayesian classifier. Unsupervised machine learning includes clustering(K-Means), association. Application includes fraud detection, network anomaly, spam filter. It also introduced related and future work.





o Which areas do you think she/he can improve? (Please find at least one.)
* If you do it, how would you improve (Please be specific as much as possible)?




* Scores: 1 to 10 (Please write down the specific reasons why you think she/he deserve a full credit, or how you deduct credits and your reasons.)

* Preparation: 

1) Material.			
8. The topic is too broad.


2) Slides
8. Some of the pictures covers text.




* Presentation: 

3) Clarity.
	
10. The speech is clear.


	
4) Technical strength

10. Most of them is very technical.




5) Handling the questions


10. Good at answering.

Others  (What you think about the grading or presentation which not cover in the above.) 

