	Presentation Grading Form 		Speaker:	ArifurRahman	

TOPIC:   

o Please make notes during the presentation
o Please type your comments and email me in the same day of the presentation
o Please be specific as much as you could 

* Before the presentation,   
o Please read the summary prepared by the speaker to make sure the grader understands the basic of presentation. 
o Preparing Intelligent Questions: please prepare at least three proper questions for the presenter although we may not ask all questions during the presentation,. Please write down your questions (and your expected answers) based on the speaker’s summary.  (PS:  It is ok if you don’t know the answer yet. You may come up new questions during the discussions.)

1) Q1: 
A1: 
 

2) Q2: 
A2: 


3) Q3: 
A3: 



* After Presentation, please summarize what you learn from the presentation

* One sentence summary: the idea
The presentation introduced some common DoS and DDoS and how to prevent them.
* One paragraph summary (5-10 sentences): method/design trick/tools

The paper introduces what dos is and DDoS Bug/ Flood. Also there is some DDoS attack histories and different classifications. It also discussed the prevention detection response and example of DoS in real world.






o Which areas do you think she/he can improve? (Please find at least one.)
* If you do it, how would you improve (Please be specific as much as possible)?

I would introduce something more deep.

* Scores: 1 to 10 (Please write down the specific reasons why you think she/he deserve a full credit, or how you deduct credits and your reasons.)

* Preparation: 

1) Material.			

8. More deep detail on DoS needed.

2) Slides

10. Slides is very organized.



* Presentation: 

3) Clarity.
	
10. Presentation is clear.


	
4) Technical strength
10. He demonstrated a real example of DDoS attack.





5) Handling the questions

10. Good at answering questions


Others  (What you think about the grading or presentation which not cover in the above.) 

