	Presentation Grading Form 		Speaker:	Holm	

TOPIC:   

o Please make notes during the presentation
o Please type your comments and email me in the same day of the presentation
o Please be specific as much as you could 

* Before the presentation,   
o Please read the summary prepared by the speaker to make sure the grader understands the basic of presentation. 
o Preparing Intelligent Questions: please prepare at least three proper questions for the presenter although we may not ask all questions during the presentation,. Please write down your questions (and your expected answers) based on the speaker’s summary.  (PS:  It is ok if you don’t know the answer yet. You may come up new questions during the discussions.)

1) Q1: Does cloud provider usually provide extra security service if the clients pay more?
A1: Like amazon, they have individual capacity for each one if they ask for this kind of service, they are more expensive, but more security in theory.
 

2) Q2: Would you prefer application on the cloud or on the local machine?
A2: It depends on how you balance the security issue and the convince issue. If one requires more security environment, they probably prefer local machine.


3) Q3: What is the percentage of security issue investment compare to the total cloud cost?
A3: No answer.



* After Presentation, please summarize what you learn from the presentation

* One sentence summary: the idea
It introduces the different types of cloud and normal security issues and how to prevent from them in general.

* One paragraph summary (5-10 sentences): method/design trick/tools

The paper introduced how does cloud work, CIA security challenges, nontechnical issues, virtualization issue such as side channel attacks and how to prevent from attack, trusted third party.







o Which areas do you think she/he can improve? (Please find at least one.)
* If you do it, how would you improve (Please be specific as much as possible)?

I would give some detail example of how to prevent an cloud based attack.


* Scores: 1 to 10 (Please write down the specific reasons why you think she/he deserve a full credit, or how you deduct credits and your reasons.)

* Preparation: 

1) Material.			
9. Some more detail would be better.


2) Slides
10. Very clear and vivid.




* Presentation: 

3) Clarity.
	
10. The presentation is clear and organized.


	
4) Technical strength

8. More about the different concept rather than going into deep detail.




5) Handling the questions

10. Good at answering questions.


Others  (What you think about the grading or presentation which not cover in the above.) 

