	Presentation Grading Form 		Speaker:	Diana	

TOPIC:   

o Please make notes during the presentation
o Please type your comments and email me in the same day of the presentation
o Please be specific as much as you could 

* Before the presentation,   
o Please read the summary prepared by the speaker to make sure the grader understands the basic of presentation. 
o Preparing Intelligent Questions: please prepare at least three proper questions for the presenter although we may not ask all questions during the presentation,. Please write down your questions (and your expected answers) based on the speaker’s summary.  (PS:  It is ok if you don’t know the answer yet. You may come up new questions during the discussions.)

1) Q1: Does Network Forensics require a deep understanding of computer security?
A1: The more you know it, the better job you will perform.
 

2) Q2: How does one can proof the evidence they collect is not altered by others?
A2: This require one to collect data as early as possible to decrease the chance of modifying.


3) Q3: Is a system administrator sufficient to take the Network forensics task?
A3: It depends on how good the administrator is. Most of the data collection step is using command line tools and have some knowledge about system security.



* After Presentation, please summarize what you learn from the presentation

* One sentence summary: the idea

The procedure to collect crime data for bettering solving a computer crime.
* One paragraph summary (5-10 sentences): method/design trick/tools

The presenter show the procedure to prepare the tool to collect data. And how to check history with command line/ Authentication of data. Analysis the data such as logging time/ IP/ port number. She also introduced the learning curve of Network Forensics.








o Which areas do you think she/he can improve? (Please find at least one.)
* If you do it, how would you improve (Please be specific as much as possible)?

I would do more real example to show from the first step to last step



* Scores: 1 to 10 (Please write down the specific reasons why you think she/he deserve a full credit, or how you deduct credits and your reasons.)

* Preparation: 

1) Material.			

10. The topic is interested.


2) Slides
10. Very clean and with lots of examples.





* Presentation: 

3) Clarity.
 9. Very clear idea, but need some more systematic structure
	



	
4) Technical strength
9. We might need more knowledge than just the command line.






5) Handling the questions
10. Good at answering questions.




Others  (What you think about the grading or presentation which not cover in the above.) 

